README.md, before:

# rn-base-project

This project is a template for [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/) that can be used to build mobile application.

## Prerequisites
This template requires NodeJS (version 16 or later) and NPM.
[Node](http://nodejs.org/) and [NPM](https://npmjs.org/) are really easy to install.
To make sure you have them available on your machine,
try running the following command.

```sh
$ npm -v && node -v
9.2.0
v16.19.0
```

## Quick Start

- Init project

```bash
npx react-native init ProjectName --template rn-base-project
```

## iOS config

## Android config

## Documents

- [Config scheme](docs/config-scheme.md)
- [Generate files](docs/generate-files.md)

## Dependencies
```text
    - react-native-mmkv
    - @react-navigation/bottom-tabs
    - @react-navigation/native
    - @react-navigation/native-stack
    - react-native-code-push
    - react-native-fast-image
    - react-native-gesture-handler
    - react-native-progress
    - react-native-reanimated
    - react-native-safe-area-context
    - react-native-screens
    - react-redux
    - redux-saga
    - i18n-js
    - plop
```

## mmkv storage
- [Config mmkv](/docs/mmkv.md)
## Networking
- [Networking](/docs/networking.md)
## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License

Commit message:

feat: Add Requirements Section Into Docs

README.md, after:

# rn-base-project

This project is a template for [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/) that can be used to build mobile application.

## Requirements

NodeJS (version 16 or later) and NPM is required.
To make sure you have them available on your machine, try running the following command

```sh
$ npm -v && node -v
9.2.0
v16.19.0
```

You also need to install the dependencies required by React Native.  
Go to the [React Native environment setup](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup), then select `React Native CLI Quickstart` tab.  
Follow instructions for your given `development OS` and `target OS`.

## Quick Start

- Init project

```bash
npx react-native init ProjectName --template rn-base-project
```

## iOS config

## Android config

## Documents

- [Config scheme](docs/config-scheme.md)
- [Generate files](docs/generate-files.md)

## Dependencies
```text
    - react-native-mmkv
    - @react-navigation/bottom-tabs
    - @react-navigation/native
    - @react-navigation/native-stack
    - react-native-code-push
    - react-native-fast-image
    - react-native-gesture-handler
    - react-native-progress
    - react-native-reanimated
    - react-native-safe-area-context
    - react-native-screens
    - react-redux
    - redux-saga
    - i18n-js
    - plop
```

## mmkv storage
- [Config mmkv](/docs/mmkv.md)
## Networking
- [Networking](/docs/networking.md)
## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License
